Chad went to get the wheel alignment measured on his car.
Chad loves Barry Bonds.
Homer bought a gas grill for the summer.
Brenna and I used to be best friends.
Josh bought a parrot as a pet.
Iris hired a babysitter for her daughter.
Harvey and his family saved up money for a vacation.
Stephen was at a party.
Samantha was always the prettiest girl in school.
The boy loved telling scary stories.
Tom had to wash the dishes.
Debbie's cat was stuck up in the giant oak tree.
Jackson had always wanted to learn to speak Spanish.
Claire wanted to cook for her husband.
Donna keeps a giant bowl of candy on her desk for her co workers.
Aurora and Jonah are building a sandcastle.
Bill's Ford truck gets a flat tire.
Jasper told his parents that he wanted a dog.
Tim needed to take the trash out.
The Smiths were having holidays done of the children.
Jerry got lost during the walk to his last period.
One day, a pig wandered onto my parents farm.
Ed had never tried carrots.
Shay was very mean.
Jack asked his parents for permission to buy a goldfish.
Tina, a teenager, is amused with how popular her mother is.
I had a job interview.
Timmy was running fast to class.
Missy love her chocolate.
I was in line at the cinema.
Bill worked hard in order to buy a car.
Joe likes to drink beer.
Maya needed to lose weight.
Sean loved music.
Sally was looking through her wardrobe one day and saw a shirt.
Ed was called for jury duty.
My baby would not go to sleep last night.
Ramona went to her first horse racing event the other day.
There was a girl who had very long hair.
Jim was obsessed with super heroes.
Aunt Janet signed up for a CPR course, because her parents were aging.
Mabel was telling her children a fable.
Arnold was scared of squirrels.
Max was standing in the bank.
Addie was working at the mall at Hollister when a strange man came in.
Angie wanted to treat her puppy to a new toy.
Eric was looking forward to his vacation from work.
I like passing notes in class.
James loved drinking beer but he had never seen a brewery.
Zoey is an only child.
Hannah sent her kids to go to the shoreline.
Doug was lonely.
It was a cold night and the campers were tired and hungry.
Joe was excited to go trick-or-treating with a gang of boys.
It was Kelly's first day of school tomorrow and she needed clothes.
Henry was standing near the pool side.
The man in the red car was driving fast.
The county inspectors visited our trailer park.
Johnny got a new pet fish for his birthday.
Frankie and his friend Josh were playing Halo online.
Jay has been looking for this duffle coat for a while.
As a child Paul's family took a vacation to Washington state.
Teresa and her sister Lina had a pillow fight.
Amy was in the park walking her dog Spot.
Joey was getting married and needed a gown.
Sara entered herself in a dance contest at her school.
Sheila and her husband were expecting their fourth child.
Jim was not confident in his home repair skills.
A girl named Julie in pigtails asked the vendor for cotton candy.
The little sister found out she was having a baby brother.
Sue was staying at her daughter house for a week.
Thomas always returned his library books on time.
Emily was going to jail, and she was excited.
We used to go to the park all the time.
Music was Kat's life.
Annie and her family went on a road trip.
Timmy loved snow cones.
Katy loved her new phone.
James had never flown in a plane.
Milly's class was learning about alternative medicine.
Usually I enjoy Christmas.
Johnny loved his Mom and Dad dearly .
Justin's apartment reeked.
Sarah was a lonely single woman.
My friends and I decided to drive to a music festival 3 hours away.
My friends convinced me to go on a ski trip last weekend.
Laura owned a flower shop.
Rex was the meanest dog on the block.
Jan went to lunch with Kim.
Paul and Jessica had been married for 15 Year's.
I just want today to be a restful day.
When I was young, my friend bought me a Ouija board.
Joe was an aspiring rap artist.
Gina and her friends had been given permission to go to the library.
Sam needed to get a graphing calculator for his Calculus class.
Paul didn't want to go to school today.
Tina took her son to his soccer game.
Cassie was swimming in the pool.
I found a silver quarter in my change today.
I decided take a trip to Malaysia.
Brenda found a kitten outside of her house.
Tom moved into a house that was very old.
Gina and her family were at her uncle frank's house.
